#
# This file is autogenerated by pip-compile with Python 3.12
# by the following command:
#
#    pip-compile requirements.in
#
absl-py==2.3.0
    # via
    #   keras
    #   tensorboard
    #   tensorflow-cpu
aiohappyeyeballs==2.6.1
    # via aiohttp
aiohttp==3.12.9
    # via langchain-community
aiosignal==1.3.2
    # via aiohttp
alpaca-py==0.40.1
    # via -r requirements.in
annotated-types==0.7.0
    # via pydantic
anyio==4.9.0
    # via httpx
astunparse==1.6.3
    # via tensorflow-cpu
async-timeout==4.0.0
    # via -r requirements.in
attrs==25.3.0
    # via aiohttp
beautifulsoup4==4.13.4
    # via -r requirements.in
cachetools==5.5.2
    # via google-auth
certifi==2025.4.26
    # via
    #   httpcore
    #   httpx
    #   requests
charset-normalizer==3.4.2
    # via requests
dataclasses-json==0.6.7
    # via langchain-community
filetype==1.2.0
    # via langchain-google-genai
flatbuffers==25.2.10
    # via tensorflow-cpu
frozenlist==1.6.2
    # via
    #   aiohttp
    #   aiosignal
fsspec==2024.10.0
    # via -r requirements.in
gast==0.6.0
    # via tensorflow-cpu
google-ai-generativelanguage==0.6.18
    # via langchain-google-genai
google-api-core[grpc]==2.25.0
    # via google-ai-generativelanguage
google-auth==2.40.3
    # via
    #   google-ai-generativelanguage
    #   google-api-core
google-pasta==0.2.0
    # via tensorflow-cpu
googleapis-common-protos==1.70.0
    # via
    #   google-api-core
    #   grpcio-status
greenlet==3.2.3
    # via sqlalchemy
grpcio==1.72.1
    # via
    #   google-api-core
    #   grpcio-status
    #   tensorboard
    #   tensorflow-cpu
grpcio-status==1.71.0
    # via google-api-core
h11==0.16.0
    # via httpcore
h5py==3.13.0
    # via
    #   keras
    #   tensorflow-cpu
httpcore==1.0.9
    # via httpx
httpx==0.28.1
    # via
    #   langgraph-sdk
    #   langsmith
httpx-sse==0.4.0
    # via langchain-community
idna==3.10
    # via
    #   anyio
    #   httpx
    #   requests
    #   yarl
joblib==1.5.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   scikit-learn
jsonpatch==1.33
    # via langchain-core
jsonpointer==3.0.0
    # via jsonpatch
keras==3.10.0
    # via tensorflow-cpu
langchain==0.3.24
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   langchain-community
langchain-community==0.3.22
    # via -r requirements.in
langchain-core==0.3.64
    # via
    #   langchain
    #   langchain-community
    #   langchain-google-genai
    #   langchain-text-splitters
    #   langgraph
    #   langgraph-checkpoint
    #   langgraph-prebuilt
langchain-google-genai==2.1.2
    # via -r requirements.in
langchain-text-splitters==0.3.8
    # via langchain
langgraph==0.3.21
    # via -r requirements.in
langgraph-checkpoint==2.0.26
    # via
    #   langgraph
    #   langgraph-prebuilt
langgraph-prebuilt==0.1.7
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   langgraph
langgraph-sdk==0.1.70
    # via langgraph
langsmith==0.3.45
    # via
    #   langchain
    #   langchain-community
    #   langchain-core
libclang==18.1.1
    # via tensorflow-cpu
markdown==3.8
    # via tensorboard
markdown-it-py==3.0.0
    # via rich
markupsafe==3.0.2
    # via werkzeug
marshmallow==3.26.1
    # via dataclasses-json
mdurl==0.1.2
    # via markdown-it-py
ml-dtypes==0.5.1
    # via
    #   keras
    #   tensorflow-cpu
msgpack==1.1.0
    # via alpaca-py
multidict==6.4.4
    # via
    #   aiohttp
    #   yarl
mypy-extensions==1.1.0
    # via typing-inspect
namex==0.1.0
    # via keras
numpy==2.1.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   h5py
    #   keras
    #   langchain-community
    #   ml-dtypes
    #   pandas
    #   scikit-learn
    #   scipy
    #   tensorboard
    #   tensorflow-cpu
opt-einsum==3.4.0
    # via tensorflow-cpu
optree==0.16.0
    # via keras
orjson==3.10.18
    # via
    #   langgraph-sdk
    #   langsmith
ormsgpack==1.10.0
    # via langgraph-checkpoint
packaging==24.2
    # via
    #   keras
    #   langchain-core
    #   langsmith
    #   marshmallow
    #   tensorboard
    #   tensorflow-cpu
pandas==2.3.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   alpaca-py
propcache==0.3.1
    # via
    #   aiohttp
    #   yarl
proto-plus==1.26.1
    # via
    #   google-ai-generativelanguage
    #   google-api-core
protobuf==5.29.5
    # via
    #   google-ai-generativelanguage
    #   google-api-core
    #   googleapis-common-protos
    #   grpcio-status
    #   proto-plus
    #   tensorboard
    #   tensorflow-cpu
psycopg2-binary==2.9.10
    # via -r requirements.in
pyasn1==0.6.1
    # via
    #   pyasn1-modules
    #   rsa
pyasn1-modules==0.4.2
    # via google-auth
pydantic==2.11.5
    # via
    #   alpaca-py
    #   langchain
    #   langchain-core
    #   langchain-google-genai
    #   langsmith
    #   pydantic-settings
pydantic-core==2.33.2
    # via pydantic
pydantic-settings==2.9.1
    # via langchain-community
pygments==2.19.1
    # via rich
python-dateutil==2.9.0.post0
    # via pandas
python-dotenv==1.1.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   pydantic-settings
pytz==2025.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   pandas
pyyaml==6.0.2
    # via
    #   langchain
    #   langchain-community
    #   langchain-core
requests==2.32.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   alpaca-py
    #   google-api-core
    #   langchain
    #   langchain-community
    #   langsmith
    #   requests-toolbelt
    #   tensorflow-cpu
requests-toolbelt==1.0.0
    # via langsmith
rich==14.0.0
    # via keras
rsa==4.9.1
    # via google-auth
scikit-learn==1.6.1
    # via -r requirements.in
scipy==1.15.3
    # via scikit-learn
six==1.17.0
    # via
    #   astunparse
    #   google-pasta
    #   python-dateutil
    #   tensorboard
    #   tensorflow-cpu
sniffio==1.3.1
    # via anyio
soupsieve==2.7
    # via beautifulsoup4
sqlalchemy==2.0.41
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   langchain
    #   langchain-community
sseclient-py==1.8.0
    # via alpaca-py
tenacity==9.1.2
    # via
    #   langchain-community
    #   langchain-core
tensorboard==2.19.0
    # via tensorflow-cpu
tensorboard-data-server==0.7.2
    # via tensorboard
tensorflow-cpu==2.19.0
    # via -r requirements.in
termcolor==3.1.0
    # via tensorflow-cpu
threadpoolctl==3.6.0
    # via scikit-learn
typing-extensions==4.14.0
    # via
    #   anyio
    #   async-timeout
    #   beautifulsoup4
    #   langchain-core
    #   optree
    #   pydantic
    #   pydantic-core
    #   sqlalchemy
    #   tensorflow-cpu
    #   typing-inspect
    #   typing-inspection
typing-inspect==0.9.0
    # via dataclasses-json
typing-inspection==0.4.1
    # via
    #   pydantic
    #   pydantic-settings
tzdata==2025.2
    # via pandas
urllib3==2.4.0
    # via requests
websockets==15.0.1
    # via alpaca-py
werkzeug==3.1.3
    # via tensorboard
wheel==0.45.1
    # via astunparse
wrapt==1.17.2
    # via tensorflow-cpu
xxhash==3.5.0
    # via langgraph
yarl==1.20.0
    # via aiohttp
zstandard==0.23.0
    # via langsmith

# The following packages are considered to be unsafe in a requirements file:
# setuptools
